{\rtf \li720 \fi-720 \sl240 \slmult1 \sa0 Carraher, Jack M., Toni Pfennig, Radhika G. Rao, Brent H. Shanks, and Jean-Philippe Tessonnier. \uc0\u8220{}Cis,Cis-Muconic Acid Isomerization and Catalytic Conversion to Biobased Cyclic-C6-1,4-Diacid Monomers.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Green Chemistry} 19, no. 13 (July 3, 2017): 3042\uc0\u8211{}50. https://doi.org/10.1039/C7GC00658F.\
Dell\uc0\u8217{}Anna, Marco Nazareno, Geet Gupta, Prathamesh Prabhu, Ting-Hung Chu, Luke Roling, and Jean-Philippe Tessonnier. \uc0\u8220{}Local Reactivity Descriptors to Decipher the Electrochemical Hydrogenation of Unsaturated Carboxylic Acids.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Green Chemistry} 25 (January 1, 2023). https://doi.org/10.1039/D3GC02909C.\
Donten, Mateusz L., Joost VandeVondele, and Peter Hamm. \uc0\u8220{}Speed Limits for Acid\uc0\u8211{}Base Chemistry in Aqueous Solutions.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}CHIMIA} 66, no. 4 (April 25, 2012): 182. https://doi.org/10.2533/chimia.2012.182.\
Losoi, Pauli, Jukka Konttinen, and Ville Santala. \uc0\u8220{}Modeling Large-Scale Bioreactors with Diffusion Equations. Part II: Characterizing Substrate, Oxygen, Temperature, Carbon Dioxide, and pH Profiles.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Biotechnology and Bioengineering} 121, no. 3 (2024): 1102\uc0\u8211{}17. https://doi.org/10.1002/bit.28635.\
Oliveira, Christopher L., Zoe Pace, John A. Thomas, Brian DeVincentis, Chadakarn Sirasitthichoke, Susan Egan, and Jongchan Lee. \uc0\u8220{}CFD-Based Bioreactor Model with Proportional\uc0\u8211{}Integral\uc0\u8211{}Derivative Controller Functionality for Dissolved Oxygen and pH.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Biotechnology and Bioengineering} 121, no. 2 (2024): 655\uc0\u8211{}69. https://doi.org/10.1002/bit.28598.\
Pocker, Y., and D. W. Bjorkquist. \uc0\u8220{}Stopped-Flow Studies of Carbon Dioxide Hydration and Bicarbonate Dehydration in Water and Water-D2. Acid-Base and Metal Ion Catalysis.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of the American Chemical Society} 99, no. 20 (September 1977): 6537\uc0\u8211{}43. https://doi.org/10.1021/ja00462a012.\
Spann, Robert, Jens Glibstrup, Klaus Pellicer-Alborch, Stefan Junne, Peter Neubauer, Christophe Roca, David Kold, et al. \uc0\u8220{}CFD Predicted pH Gradients in Lactic Acid Bacteria Cultivations.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Biotechnology and Bioengineering} 116, no. 4 (2019): 769\uc0\u8211{}80. https://doi.org/10.1002/bit.26868.\
Stumm, Werner, and James J. Morgan. {\i{}Aquatic Chemistry: Chemical Equilibria and Rates in Natural Waters}. Wiley, 1996.\
Yang, Xiaoying, Ye Tao, and Jennifer G. Murphy. \uc0\u8220{}Kinetics of the Oxidation of Ammonia and Amines with Hydroxyl Radicals in the Aqueous Phase.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Environmental Science: Processes & Impacts} 23, no. 12 (December 15, 2021): 1906\uc0\u8211{}13. https://doi.org/10.1039/D1EM00317H.\
}